Great Thien Hanh Hoa Emperor wrote

The text:
Humanitarian election, weak in people's security,
Punishment for the master of the desert to eliminate violence.
Duy, fell from Dai Viet to the nation,
Real state culture.
Son cross chi wind enemy,
The North and the South have a strange custom.
Tu Trieu, Dinh, Ly, Tran chi to create the fallen nation,
Du Han, Tang, Song, and Yuan'er Emperors of one direction.
Although strong and weak, there are disagreements,
Nhi magnanimous position is often punished.
Gu Luu Cung was greedy and defeated,
Nhi Trieu Tiet's filial piety was exasperated.
Toa Do kip, Ham Tu Quan,
Oh Ma's humour, Bach Dang Hai.
Ancient millet,
Determined to demonstrate.
The moment of the main Ho Chi Minh is troublesome.
The history of the human heart holds a grudge against you.
Cuong Minh four provocateurs, the cause of self-destruction of the people;
The evil party is nostalgic, the commercial wing falls to the country.
Rejoice born in reverse,
Braking the chain of death, huh khanh.
When the people sag, the devil succeeds the world;
The Union Army has been brutally abusive for two decades.
Defeat the righteous merchants, unselfishly selfish;
Post-Liem Department, Son Trach Mi Huu Kiet Di.
Khai Kim Truong re-impersonated the blue barrier children covered with Son Dao Sa,
Thai Minh Chau occupants communicate with Long Nhi and love the sea.
The interference of the people, the mysterious fortune, the purity of the land,
Dictionaries of medical officers holding chi hammock la.
Insects and herbs are reluctant to give birth,
Quan results crazy inter-sentence unplanned unplanned security facility.
Tuan's life and blood is still exhausting;
The pole of the earth-wood chi is devoted to the public and the private to the dance.
Zhou Lizhi is the main knife,
The matchbox stores the zero axis.
Quyet Dong Hai's water resources are not capable of taking care of the umbrella,
Khanh Nam Son's bamboo tree can't help but write a strange letter.
The people of the base are indignant,
Heaven and earth do not tolerate.

Residual:
Lam Son ruins,
Wild body.
Mindfulness of the position of enemies and the possibility of cooperation,
Oath against the evil bandits that were born.
Concentrating on the crippling schizophrenia,
Often assumes the role of the new and the most non-Japanese.
Disappointing real death, each study discussed the strategy of the book,
That is, the ancient experience of the needle, the sacrifice to save the death of the dead.
Revenge of Chi Chi,
I am immortal.
That is to say, in the early period,
The main thief is the way to spend the day.

Complaints:
Talent collection,
Tuan is mentally exhausted.
Immortal postmortem scribes a period of time,
The evil scheme of the false is very effective.
In particular, saving people's thoughts, each child has a lot of children;
Tried to treat gentle chi away, often acutely damaged description.

Random period:
Auspicious signs bring positive hope,
Due to the period of the city is even full.
The wrath of the enemy is destroyed,
Mindfulness of the national branch of the army.
Linh Son spends the whole week,
Khoi Huyen spends most of their time in the world.
The goddamn lust fell to the grave,
Attempts to be useful for the truth of the truth.
Distinctive story, strong law of the four volumes;
The head of the symphony, the father and the son of the soldier, are single-minded.
Weaknesses are strong, or workers can't afford to be;
As a result, the enemy often sets himself up to show off.

Good ability:
The great philanthropist triumphs over the ferocious,
Of course, the child is violent.
Bo Dang belongs to the electric car area,
Bamboo Lan tea destroys foul smell.
The cost of morale increases,
The military barrage of great earthquakes.
Tran Tri, Son Tho's literary style and chi beat,
Ly An, Phuong Chinh fake immediately took birth.
Thua victory district, Tay Kinh signed the right self;
Recruiting troops to advance, Dong Do serves the former army.
Ninh Kieu spends the blood of the city through, saving the stars of ten thousand li;
Good Dong Chi is a natural history, a millennium.
Tran Hiep Thief chi happiness, sign proud player;
Ly Luong Thieves Chi trivia, Huu Vio determined exam.
Vuong Thong Ly, part of the false and useful part,
Ma Anh saves the child's anger and fakes his anger.
Be wise with the child's best efforts, end up treating death;
Self plotting to punish children's hearts, not fighting to self-death.
The cynical taste of the child's heart,
Initiate her cruel act of speed.
Accepting the most cost-effective knowledge of others,
The most greedy, then the cost of the public will die in the world.
Toi Linh Tuyen Duc was in the middle of nowhere, a single soldier was indifferent;
But the fate of Thanh Thang is that of the general, the reason is to save the part.
The nine-moon position Lieu Thang toi led the army led by Khau Wen'er,
Decades of the lunar calendar Moc Thanh Huu are classified according to Yunnan children's hybrids.
Excess money to sign up for re-enlistment is dangerously bad,
After the re-arrangement of the army, the truth was revealed.
The moon and eighty days of Lieu Thang fell to the army of the public, succeeding Chi Lang Chi wild;
The second and half-day version of Lieu Thang enjoys the defeat of the army, the son of Ma An chi mountain.
In the twenty-fifth day of Bao Dinh's life, he defeated Luong Minh in the battle of the children's burial zone,
Twenty-eighth day Thuong Thu Ly Khanh next and children are still defending.
Satisfied to receive the award,
Belgium self-reversible.
Next to the tetrahedron of war,
Decades of mid-week children die out.
Retired Recruiter,
Fate returns to chi god.
Humorous statue of Ha Thuy Can,
Ma knife children painted rhinestones.
The most ancient children were amazed,
Reincarnation of the military canon.
Decided to think ice dyke,
Reindeer feng shui.
Admiral Cui Tu all acts to extort money,
The High Priestess Hoang Phuc appeared to be in a position to hold it.
Cuong Thi re-Liang Jiang Liangshan map,
War of blood and chains Xuong Giang Binh Than chi water.
Feng shui tastes change color,
The sun and moon are pathless.
Ky Yunnan's military position fell to the army's yoke, Le Hoa, self-doubt that the first child would destroy the government;
Ky Moc Thanh literary people Thang army defeated Can Tram, defeated because of the children's family, they were able to escape.
Lanh Cau, the blood of the people, the vote;
Dan Xa chi chi mountain, wild herbs show grace.
Two-way rescue soldiers sign incomplete race children defeated,
The citadel together with the general disarmed the heron to export goods.
Thieves guarded the city, belched agitated tigers, beggars, and tails;
The god of martial arts does not kill, the heron's body is filial to the heart.
Attending General Phuong Chinh, Internal Affairs Ma Ky, first-class fleet of five hundred and twenty-one collections, signed by Hai Nhi due to the release of the soul;
General of the Army Vuong Thong, Tham political Ma Anh, granted the code of the book of heaven and earth, and completed the national child benefit from the heart of the scriptures.
Belgium signed the death certificate, the child was a good friend;
After all, the whole army was vivacious, and the children of the people were angry.
Phi Duy's scheme is extremely profound,
The ancient heron kimchi has a taste for literature.
Social Security,
Paint cross-department reform.
Qiankun signed the scornful restoration,
Diary of repentance and recovery.
Yu Yu declares all the worlds of peace,
The snow of heaven and earth is extremely expensive.
Market by heaven and earth ancestors chi spiritual friends,
Of course, wearing the same natural and natural sound.
Oh ho!
The most definite,
Throwing into the edge of the cost;
Eternal Four Seas,
Announcement of the new chi fox.

Ha ha report,
Literature history function.
